I ride nation mr. tidbit here I'm
holding a 1213 ride highlife ul
this has got a couple really big changes
for 2013 that I really want to educate
you on because they're gonna make your
day on the mountain a lot more fun so
we'll start with the basics though so
this has rides all Mountain hybrid
shaping so flat stable platform from the
middle all the way out if you have
rocker on the nose and then you have a
slight camber infused all the way back
through the tail alright what that's
going to do that little bit of positive
energy is really going to help you get
back into the flow when you used to be
on a camber board and you loved it and
you got into the rocker trend and you
know now everything's kind of reverting
back slightly with the benefits of the
rocker and the camber together big
change you'll notice right off the bat
for 2013 is the nose it has completely
been rounded off not blunted definitely
don't use that word but you'll notice
that the contact point hits it rolls up
and then it actually slightly rolls
again so you initially have too little
contact points right here ok now as
you're riding through powder even on
just 6 to 12 inches of snow as you start
to surf through that the powder actually
comes up over top of this and actually
rolls almost like a wave it's pretty
incredible to watch I've been riding
this board for about a month and I've
had in 12 inches of powder 30 inches of
powder and just to watch the snow come
over and kind of displace it keeps the
nose up and really keeps you floating
through everything it's a really amazing
feeling and on top of that you'll see on
the tail it's rounded out as well and
this actually helps you sink down into
the snow slightly I could definitely
tell a difference the nose keeps you up
the tail keeps you down but you don't
bottom out there's enough float as you
come through the powder that if you're
in as little as 8 inches you can cruise
across the top six inches and not feel
the bottom which is an incredible
feeling the other big change is the pop
rods are gone in 2012 there were pop
rods here and in the tail there are no
longer any pop rods in the nose it's got
a much softer nose so as you hit the
powder and you hit the chop the softer
nose you can actually feel it as you hit
the
snow and it helps you adjust especially
when you're going through through crud
because what that's going to do for you
is you're not it's gonna push through it
and soften up so you can make
adjustments faster and you don't end up
on your ass and you in the snow then
trying to roll over and get up through
all that powder which is a huge thing
but the biggest change and the you know
the most significant for 2013 is the new
pop walls okay right has a new feature
it's kind of hard to see right here but
your slime walls at the tail section of
the highlife ul now I actually have
carbon fiber sandwiched in between the
slime wall on both sides of the tail as
you can see starting at where your
inserts go and go all the way through to
your contact point this now gives you an
even wider platform so when you load the
board up to pop you've got your pop
stability on the rails it's amazing I've
been coming in two jumps and everything
and you're not always fully flat based
especially when you're spinning
you'll go heel side or toe side edge to
set up and the fact that you can now pop
off your edge rather than pop off about
3/4 of your board it makes a huge
difference in being able to get pop get
enough air and get those spins around
and the other big thing that I really
love about it is it actually accelerates
your turns and accelerates your spins as
you're carving when you get through and
the energy hits that part of it it
speeds up your turn and when you're
coming through on a spin that lasts you
know little section of your deck it
allows you to accelerate and get you
around that much faster there's been
three or four situations with the snow
conditions this year that you know I
just didn't get enough air and I needed
that much little more and these gave me
enough energy through the spin to land
that five I'll and that three rather
than land a 270 edged in and eat so
it's a huge change that's really
beneficial I think all of you guys are
really gonna love and in comparison to
the paparazzi they've had in the past so
you know it's 2013 high life you owe if
you're an all-mountain freestyle rider
powder rider everything this will tackle
any part of the mountain without a
problem so that you can hit pal
morning red Park in the afternoon whose
groomers the next day when everything is
completely gone this will do everything
so make sure you check it out in the
fall
you